update_optimization_page (#195)
cossacklabs/product-docs: acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/_index.md

# Optimizations

> This section contains a set of specific optimizations and practices for more efficient use of Acra

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section contains a set of specific optimizations and practices for your applications and infrastructures when using with Acra.
```

> ## Management

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Infrastructure management and configuration
```

* [Vertical scaling](/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/vertical_scaling/)

  Describes how performance will grow with more CPU cores / memory added.

* [Horizontal scaling](/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/horizontal_scaling/)

  Describes how performance will grow with instances being added.

* [TLS configuration](/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/tls_configuration/)

  Contains few hints regarding TLS configuration effect on network performance.

* [Obtaining metrics](/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/obtaining_metrics/)

  Contains detailed overview about metrics you can enable and collect via Prometheus.

* [Disable debug logs](/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/disable_debug_logs/)

  Contains few flags that can be used for debugging purposes, but better to be disabled in production.

> ## Data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Data processing optimizations
```

* [AcraStructs vs AcraBlocks](/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/acrastructs_vs_acrablocks/)

  Describes difference between AcraStructs and AcraBlocks (encryption containers).

* [DB indexes](/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/db_indexes/)

  Contains important notes regarding proper database indexing while having some encrypted columns.

* [LRU cache](/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/lru_cache/)

  Describes which things could be cached in memory by Acra and how to enable this caching to improve performance.

## Resources

* [Connection reuse](/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/connection_reuse/)

  Reminds that it is a good practice to reuse opened connections to database as much as possible.

> * [Enterprise kickstart](/acra/configuring-maintaining/optimizations/enterprise_kickstart/)

Reviewer: move to last
